Platform options (#998)
AvaloniaUI/avalonia-docs: docs/platform-specific-guides/macos.md

This gives you access to the complete set of APIs provided by the .NET macOS workload, but it comes with a constraint: **builds targeting a macOS TFM must be performed on macOS**. You lose the ability to cross-compile from Windows or Linux.

## Configuring macOS platform options

> macOS configuration is split across two option classes, both passed to `.With()` when you build the application in `Program.cs`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
macOS configuration is split across two option classes. Both are applied by passing to `.With()` in the `AppBuilder` in `Program.cs`:
```

- `AvaloniaNativePlatformOptions` controls the rendering backend and window behavior.

> - `MacOSPlatformOptions` controls how the application integrates with the macOS shell (Dock, menu bar, and process identity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MacOSPlatformOptions` controls how the application integrates with the macOS shell (Dock, menu bar, process identity).
```

```csharp
AppBuilder.Configure<App>()
    .UsePlatformDetect()
    .With(new AvaloniaNativePlatformOptions
    {
        RenderingMode = new[]
        {

>             AvaloniaNativeRenderingMode.Metal,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            AvaloniaNativeRenderingMode.Metal,
            AvaloniaNativeRenderingMode.OpenGl,
```

            AvaloniaNativeRenderingMode.Software
        }
    })
    .With(new MacOSPlatformOptions
    {
        ShowInDock = true
    });
```

> Every option has a default, so set only the ones you need to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following options are available.

- [Rendering mode](#rendering-mode)
- [Backend options](#backend-options)
- [Shell integration options](#shell-integration-options)
```

### Rendering mode

> `AvaloniaNativePlatformOptions.RenderingMode` is an ordered list of graphics backends. Avalonia tries each one in turn and uses the first that initializes successfully, so the first entry has the highest priority. The default is `Metal`, then `OpenGl`, then `Software`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AvaloniaNativePlatformOptions.RenderingMode` is an ordered list of graphics backends. Avalonia tries each one in turn and uses the first that initializes successfully, so the first entry has the highest priority. The default is a three-item list of `Metal` first, `OpenGl` second, `Software` third.
```

| Mode | Description |
|---|---|

> | `Metal` | GPU rendering through Apple's Metal API. The default GPU backend. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Metal` | GPU rendering through Apple's Metal API. Default GPU backend. |
```

| `OpenGl` | GPU rendering through native OpenGL. |
| `Software` | CPU rendering into a framebuffer. |

> To support the widest range of devices, include `Software` as a fallback. If none of the listed modes initialize, Avalonia throws an `InvalidOperationException`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support the widest range of devices, include `Software` as a fallback.

`RenderingMode` must contain at least one mode. If it is empty, or none of the listed modes initialize, Avalonia throws an `InvalidOperationException`.
```

### Backend options

`AvaloniaNativePlatformOptions` covers the rendering backend and window-level behavior.

| Option | Type | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|

> | `RenderingMode` | `IReadOnlyList<AvaloniaNativeRenderingMode>` | `Metal`, `OpenGl`, `Software` | Ordered list of graphics backends with fallback, described above. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RenderingMode` | `IReadOnlyList<AvaloniaNativeRenderingMode>` | `Metal`, `OpenGl`, `Software` | Ordered list of graphics backends. [See above section.](#rendering-mode) |
```

| `OverlayPopups` | `bool` | `false` | Embeds popups inside the window instead of creating separate top-level popup windows. |

> | `AppSandboxEnabled` | `bool` | `true` | Wraps storage calls in a secure context and enables `IStorageItem.SaveBookmarkAsync` and related APIs. App Store distribution requires the sandbox to be enabled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AppSandboxEnabled` | `bool` | `true` | Wraps storage calls in a secure context. Enables `IStorageItem.SaveBookmarkAsync` and related APIs. App Store distribution requires the sandbox to be enabled. |
```

| `AvaloniaNativeLibraryPath` | `string?` | `null` | Path to a custom-built `libAvaloniaNative.dylib`. See [Native code](#native-code) for the build workflow. |

### Shell integration options

> `MacOSPlatformOptions` controls how the application appears in the macOS Dock and menu bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MacOSPlatformOptions` controls how the application integrates with the macOS shell, most notably its appearance in the Dock and menu bar.
```

| Option | Type | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
| `ShowInDock` | `bool` | `true` | Shows the application icon in the Dock while it runs. Set to `false` for background or agent apps. |

> | `DisableDefaultApplicationMenuItems` | `bool` | `false` | Prevents Avalonia from adding default items such as Quit and Hide to the [application menu](#application-menu). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DisableDefaultApplicationMenuItems` | `bool` | `false` | Prevents Avalonia from adding default items, such as Quit or Hide, to the [application menu](#application-menu). |
```
